{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Black;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Bahnschrift SemiBold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang9 Market Place Technical Foundation\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\f1\fs28 Introduction:\f0\par
\cf0\b0\f2\fs22 Our e-commerce platform is designed to offer high-end home decor items, including vases, designer chairs, elegant mirrors, and premium lamps. This document details the technical framework necessary to create a scalable, user-friendly online marketplace.\cf1\par
\b\fs32 Define Technical Requirements:\par
1. Frontened Requirements:\par
\cf0\b0\fs22 The frontend should deliver an intuitive, visually appealing, and seamless user experience across all devices. The design must prioritize usability, accessibility, and responsiveness to ensure optimal performance on mobile, tablet, and desktop platforms.\fs32\par
\b Key Features\b0\par
\b\f1\fs24 1.User-Friendly Interface:\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f2\fs22 Clean, modern, and visually engaging design that aligns with the brand identity.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Intuitive navigation with clear calls-to-action (CTAs) to enhance user engagement.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs24 2.Responsive Design:\f2\fs20\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 Fully responsive layout to ensure consistent functionality and aesthetics across all devices (mobile, tablet, and desktop).\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Optimized performance for fast loading times and smooth browsing.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Essential Pages\par
\f1\fs24 1. Home Page\b0\f2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs20 Hero Section: \f2\fs22 Display high-quality visuals of featured collections, seasonal trends, and promotional banners.\b\f1\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\fs20 Search Bar: \b0\f2\fs22 Prominent and accessible search functionality with auto-suggestions for quick product discovery.\b\f1\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\fs20 Sections to Include:\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f2 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf2\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs18 Latest Collection: \b0\f2\fs22 Highlight new arrivals with eye-catching visuals.\par
{\pntext\f2 ii.\tab}\b\f1\fs18 Top Categories: \b0\f2\fs22 Showcase popular product categories for easy navigation.\par
{\pntext\f2 iii.\tab}\b\f1\fs18 Featured Products: \b0\f2\fs22 Curate a selection of best-selling or exclusive items.\par
{\pntext\f2 iv.\tab}\b\f1\fs18 Trending Products: \b0\f2\fs22 Display currently popular items based on user activity.\b\f1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 2. About Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Brand Story:  \b0\f2\fs22 A compelling narrative about the brand\rquote s origins, mission, and values.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Unique Selling Points (USPs): \b0\f2\fs22 Clearly communicate what sets the brand apart in the home d\'e9cor industry.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Visual Elements: \b0\f2\fs22 Include high-quality images or videos that reflect the brand\rquote s aesthetic and ethos.\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1 3. Contact Us Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Contact Form: \b0\f2\fs22 A simple yet comprehensive form with fields for name, email, and message.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Contact Information: \b0\f2\fs22 Display phone numbers, email addresses, and a physical address (if applicable).\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Google Map Integration: \b0\f2\fs22 Embed an interactive Google Map for location visibility.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs24 4. Product Listing/Shop Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Filtering Options:  \b0\f2\fs22 Allow users to filter products by price, category, color, material, and other relevant attributes.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Grid/List View: \b0\f2\fs22 Provide the option to switch between grid and list views for better user preference.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs24 5. Product Details Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 Product Information: \b0\f2 Display detailed descriptions, including dimensions, materials, variations, and care instructions.\b\f1\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\fs20 High-Quality Media: \b0\f2\fs22 Include multiple high-resolution images and a 360-degree view or zoom feature.\b\f1\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\fs20 Customer Reviews and Ratings\b0\f2\fs22 : Showcase user-generated reviews and ratings to build trust and credibility.\b\f1\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\fs20 Add to Cart/Wishlist: \b0\f2\fs22 Clear CTAs for adding products to the cart or wishlist.\b\f1\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 6. Cart Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Cart Summary: \b0\f2\fs22 Display a clear breakdown of items, quantities, and prices.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Shipping Cost Calculator: \b0\f2\fs22 Integrate an estimated shipping cost calculator based on the user\rquote s location.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Proceed to Checkout: \b0\f2\fs22 A prominent CTA to move to the checkout process.\b\f1\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 7. Checkout Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Guest Checkout: \b0\f2\fs22 Enable users to checkout without creating an account.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Secure Payment Gateway: \b0\f2\fs22 Integrate trusted payment options with secure fields for card details.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Address Validation: \b0\f2\fs22 Automatically validate shipping addresses to prevent errors.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Order Summary: \b0\f2\fs22 Display a concise summary of the order, including items, quantities, and total cost.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs24 8. Order Confirmation Page\b0\f2\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs20 Order Summary: \b0\f2\fs22 Provide a detailed summary of the purchase, including product details, shipping address, and payment method.\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\b\f1\fs20 Delivery Timeframes: \b0\f2\fs22 Clearly communicate expected delivery dates.\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs20 Tracking Details: \b0\f2\fs22 Include a tracking number and link to track the order\rquote s status.\b\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\fs32 2.Sanity CMS Schema Design:\par
\b0\fs22 Sanity CMS for managing product data, orders, and customer details.\par
Here\rquote s a detailed schema design for \b\f1 Product, Order, Customer, Payment, Shipment, \b0\f2 and \b\f1 Delivery Zone \b0\f2 using Sanity CMS:\par
\b\f1\fs24 [Products]\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface Product \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'product';\par
  name: string;\par
  slug: \{ _type: 'slug'; current: string \};\par
  description: string;\par
  price: number;\par
  images: \{ _type: 'image'; asset: \{ _ref: string; _type: 'reference' \} \}[];\par
  dimensions: string;\par
  material: string;\par
  stock: number;\par
  category: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \};\par
  tags: string[];\par
  reviews: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \}[]; \par
\}\par
\b\f1\fs28 [Order]\fs24\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface Order \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'order';\par
  customer: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \};\par
  items: \{\par
    product: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \};\par
    quantity: number;\par
    price: number;\par
  \}[];\par
  totalAmount: number;\par
  paymentStatus: 'pending' | 'completed' | 'failed'; \par
  shippingStatus: 'pending' | 'shipped' | 'delivered';\par
  payment: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \}; \par
  shipment: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \};\par
\}\par
\b\f1\fs24 [Customer]\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface Customer \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'customer';\par
  name: string;\par
  email: string;\par
  phone?: string;\par
  address: \{\par
    street: string;\par
    city: string;\par
    state: string;\par
    postalCode: string;\par
    country: string;\par
  \};\par
  orders: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \}[]; \par
\}\par
\b\f1\fs24 [Payment]\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface Payment \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'payment';\par
  order: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \}; \par
  paymentMethod: 'credit_card' | 'paypal' | 'bank_transfer';\par
  transactionId: string;\par
  amount: number;\par
  status: 'pending' | 'completed' | 'failed';\par
\}\f1\fs24\par
\b [Shippment]\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface Shipment \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'shipment';\par
  order: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \};\par
  trackingNumber: string; \par
  carrier: string;\par
  deliveryZone: \{ _type: 'reference'; _ref: string \}; \par
  estimatedDelivery: string; \par
  status: 'pending' | 'shipped' | 'delivered'; \par
\}\par
\b\f1\fs24 [Delivery Zone]\par
\b0\f2\fs22 export interface DeliveryZone \{\par
  _id: string;\par
  _type: 'deliveryZone';\par
  name: string;\par
  regions: string[];\par
  shippingCost: number;\par
  estimatedDeliveryTime: string; \par
  \}\par
\b\f1\fs24 3. Third-Party APIs:\par
\b0\f3\fs22\u9642?\f2  \b\f1 Payment Gateways: \b0\f2 Use Stripe and Use-Shopping-Cart for payment gateway.\par
\f3\u9642?\f2  \b\f1 Contact Form: \b0\f2 Use an API like FormSpree to handle form submissions and email notifications.\f4\par
\f3\u9642?\f2  \b\f1 Shipment Tracking: \b0\f2 Integrate APIs like Shippo and Shipengine to provide real-time tracking updates.\par
\f3\par
}
 